Format this into a word document nicely later
COURSE: CMPSC 221
TITLE: Library System
TEAM: 5
MEMBERS: Zach Kehs, Meeten Doshi, Zac Clark

(put page # in footer area, it's a requirement)



SYSTEM DESCRIPTION: //ZAC SHOULD BE DOING THIS
Our project contains a database capable of handling multiple book and multiple users, some of which can be given administrative powers by being a "Librarian" as opposed to a "Customer". 



CLASS HIERARCHY: Diagram in folder.


SAMPLE RUNS:

No Methods to test in Book, Customer.

Sample Runs for Library.java:

Sample Runs for User.java:

Sample Runs for librarian.java:



DISCUSSION: Our implementation has a lot of room for growth and improvement. A limitation that can be lifted in the future (and what I would like to do for phase 2) is to allow multiple types of media (instead of just books) into the library. We could make a new class called "Item" and then make "Book" and other objects subclasses of the item. Another feature that could be added to our program to improve it is a store feature, where users can buy materials as well as borrow them.
During our project we decided to learn how to use Git via Github. Github made it very easy to deliver code updates to our group partners and keep everyone up to date with the latest version. There were some technical difficulties we experienced in getting the system up and running, but now that we have the hang of it we should be able to work more efficiently in the future. 
An important part of working with a team on a project is keeping the code well documented and easy to read. Sometimes we needed to look at someone elses code to be sure of how an implementation was done, and with proper headers on our methods, it was very easy to find out how we should go about using them.
Our current goal is to get the LibraryClient working smoothly with all of these features for phase 2. (Martin Yeh told us not to do the client now as it tested classes working together, which was not a requirement yet). 